Fontdinerdotcom HuggableWrap your arms around this chunky, cuddly, squeezable, huggable font and add some bold retro flair to your design projects!Is this font Shareware?No! This is Silverware! (The only thing you can get FREE from a Diner)Do I have to pay anything to use it?This font is free to use in any private, recreational manner. You may use this font for your own personal website or communications, or for personal design work you might do for a friend, such as a birthday party invite, a scrapbook, an indie band CD, or a personal website. But if you plan to use this font in a commercial manner that you will get paid for, or if you are using it for product packaging for other promotional materials printed or online, you must purchase a commercially licensed version of this font which you can purchase it at - http://www.fontdiner.com/buy.htmlThe commericial version of Fontdinerdotcom Huggable includes the Postscript version of this font.If you plan to use this font for any form of television broadcast or motion picture titling, you must contact the Font Diner to aquire a commercial broadcast license at license@fontdiner.com.If you plan to use this font for non-profit, not-for-profit, and charity design work, you may use any Font Diner Silverware fonts in design work for no charge, provided the non-profit organization sends a sample of the finished work, along with a letter acknowledging the donation of a product (value of $99) from the Font Diner.Hey guys, do you sell any other fonts?Absolutely, check out the Font Menu at the Diner as well as the ever creepy Brain Eaters font company B-Movie fonts online at http://www.fontdiner.comWhere is the Font Diner?For the freshest service, and the tastiest selection of fonts, swing right in to http://www.fontdiner.comHow can you contact me?E-mail: diner@fontdiner.comDistribution and Copyright Info?You bet! This font is freeware, but is not in the public domain (meaning it is still the property of the Font Diner). You have permission to redistribute this font as long as this readme is included. If you include this font on a CD-ROM you must send us a copy of it, you may contact us at distribute@fontdiner.com for postal mailing information.The font "Fontdinerdotcom Huggable" is ©2003 Font Diner, all rights reserved. This font may not be resold or remarketed.